I prayed to Jehovah, if it is your will, I would be happy to enter Pioneer Service.
But I had to work really hard to provide for the needs of my family, because my father
had died when he was 45 years old.
The elder I talked to gave me advice not to be picky on what kind of job I would have.
He reminded me of Matthew 633 and told me not to be overly anxious.
Because of our good communication within the family, we were able to find solutions.
My of the siblings realized that they also shared responsibility in providing for the needs
of the family.
After one year of pioneering, I was encouraged to apply for Bethel Service.
And now I am in Bethel.
I feel that Jehovah really cares for me, loves me, and appreciates all my efforts.
Because they love me, my cousins pressured me to choose a secular career.
If I went against their wishes, it would hurt them and put a strain on our relationship.
I was really anxious.
I wanted to show my trust in Jehovah by pioneering and give him an opportunity to show me that I
can be happy in his service.
I tried to express my appreciation for my cousins by what I said and did, and showed them love.
They realized that I have changed for the better.
I show more concern for others now.
Now they understand that we have been learning good things, and that we have a happier and
more meaningful life.
I wanted to try serving where the need was great.
When I first arrived, I thought it was so cool being there.
I had expected the poverty, but when I saw it, it hit home more than when I had expected.
So then I started to feel really homesick.
But my brothers and sisters, I'd go to the Kingdom Hall, and they were able to cope with
the challenges that they were facing because they had Jehovah in their life.
So that, their example really helped me to see that my circumstances don't need to change
from my attitude to change.
Proverbs 15, 15 stood out to me, but having a cheerful heart and being able to have a
continual feast, no matter what my circumstances are, and I found an article about that scripture.
And so from there I decided to ask myself, how can I use my situation and what I'm learning
to help others, and got to start helping with foreign language group there?
That whole experience just made my love for people grow so much and definitely changed
my life.